welcome back to horror recaps today i
will be showing you a horror film from
1976 titled carry
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
at the beginning of the movie we see a
bunch of teenage girls playing
basketball both the teams have almost
the same score however a girl named
carrie
misses the ball making her team lose the
girls bully her saying that they could
never win with her on the team
16 year old carrie white is a shy
introverted and unpopular girl who is
always bullied by her classmates that
day the girls cheerfully talk and change
at the school's shower room while carrie
like always is alone showering
she notices blood flowing on her legs
soon her hands get bloody carrie has
gotten her very first period she panics
she doesn't know what is happening
because she has never been taught about
menstruation carrie runs to the girls
and asks them for help believing that
she is dying
however the girls laugh and make fun of
her they start throwing pads and tampons
at her while screaming plug it up the
poor girl retreats and cries in the
shower under a pile of tampons and pads
their gym teacher miss collins
hears the noise and comes looking she
finds a frightened carrie panicking and
goes to help her
carrie seems to be having a panic attack
miss colin slaps her cheeks to bring her
back
kerry screams and the light bulb above
her breaks
miss collins then yells at all the other
girls to go away and calms carry down
she also teaches her about menstruation
later carrie is at the principal's
office
miss collins and the principal discuss
the girls behavior and decide to give
them detention they also talk about
carrie's mother margaret white who is a
fanatically religious woman the
principal asks kerry if she wants to go
home and she agrees
however throughout the conversation he
refers to her as cassie this bothers
carrie a lot so she abruptly tells him
that it's carrie
just when she does that an ashtray drops
from the table
later we see carrie's mother margaret
go to their neighbor mrs snells
house to persuade her to buy a religious
book
mrs snell wants to get her out of there
as soon as possible so she donates ten
dollars to the church and makes her
leave when margaret gets home that day
she gets a call from school informing
her of the incident margaret is mad at
carrie for getting her period as she
thinks that her menstruation was caused
by a sin
carrie on the other hand insists that
margaret should have taught her about
periods
margaret keeps on repeating bible verses
and asks her to repeat it
then she puts carrie into the praying
closet and locks her carrie bangs the
doors and begs her to let her out after
a while she calms down and prays
finally she gets out of the closet and
goes up to her room carrie cries while
looking at herself in the mirror when
suddenly it breaks into pieces
margaret hears the noise and comes
looking into carrie's room
however the broken pieces have been
fixed somehow as it turns out carrie has
amazing powers of telekinesis
she can move things around by only
looking at them
margaret doesn't know of her daughter's
power yet the following day carrie is in
her english class where the teacher
reads a poem written by one of the
popular guys at school named tommy ross
he asked the class for criticism of the
poem carrie who never usually speaks
comments that it is beautiful
the teacher makes fun of her claiming
that it is not a criticism and the whole
class laughs
carrie is absent from the gym class that
day
miss colin makes the other girls stand
in line and tells them about their
punishment for bullying carrie chris
hargensen
who is also the most popular girl in the
school makes snarky comments about the
situation but miss colin puts her in her
place
however another popular girl named sue
snell seems to be apologetic for her
behavior
miss collins then gives everyone a 50
minute detention in the field for the
next week chris comments that she won't
come to the school to which the teacher
replies that if they don't their prom
invitation will be cancelled the girls
have no other way but to agree
they go through an intense 50-minute
workout that day while kerry goes to the
library and looks for a book on her
superpower
she finds one and figures that her power
is called telekinesis
meanwhile the girls are at their last
exercise when chris rebels that she
won't be doing any more exercise
she and miss collins get into an
argument which ends when miss colin
slaps her she yells at other girls to
stand up for her but no one does
miss collins declares that chris has
been kicked out of the prom
the other girls do not want the same so
they continue with the exercise
sue and tommy
from the english class are in a
relationship
that day sue calls him behind the
bleachers and asks him for a favor she
wants him to ask carrie to go to prom
with him
tommy is reluctant but agrees at the end
at night we see chris driving to a party
with her boyfriend billy nolan
the two have a love-hate relationship
billy hits her for calling him names but
chris starts to lick his fingers and
kiss him she abruptly stops midway and
the two get into a fight again
then they make out and chris starts
giving billy a [ __ ] in the car
while she is at it she moans that she
hates carrie white leaving billy
confused the following day carrie is at
the library when tommy approaches her
and asks her to go to the prom with him
confused and nervous she declines and
runs away
later miss collins catches her sitting
alone and asks her what is wrong she
suspects the girls did something again
but carrie explains that she is
distressed because tommy asked her out
to prom
miss collins is happy for her but is a
little suspicious of tommy's intentions
she tries to boost carrie's confidence
and tells her that she is beautiful
later that day miss collins calls both
sue and tommy in her office and asks
them about their intentions with carrie
she reminds sue that she cannot go to
the prom without a date but sue doesn't
seem to care as long as carrie goes with
tommy they claim that they feel sorry
for carrie and want to get along with
her miss collins doesn't buy this but
lets them go anyway
after school tommy drives to carrie's
home
she is beyond surprised to see him there
if her mother sees them she will be in
trouble so she keeps tommy outside
tommy again asks her to go to the prom
with him she declines
she asks him to leave quickly but he
keeps on insisting her to go with him
with no other way out she agrees
tommy happily leaves at night chris
billy and two of billy's friends break
into a local farm to cut a pig's head
off and collect its blood
at dinner carrie tells her mother about
her invite to the prom but margaret cuts
her off
she is totally against it as carrie
tries to persuade her margaret throws a
cup of water at her face
carrie then tells her that tommy has
invited her and she has already accepted
it margaret starts chanting bible verses
and tells her the boys are filthy dogs
that are attracted to period blood and
they will try to convince carrie to sin
carey starts yelling that not everything
is a sin margaret dismisses the
conversation and starts to leave but
carrie uses her powers to close all the
doors and windows in the house
surprised margaret claims that carrie is
a witch and is possessed by the devil
like her father
carrie claps back and says that her
father ran away with another woman and
wasn't possessed she also assures her
that her power is common and other
people have it too
she says she doesn't want to talk about
it anymore and leaves
then we see chris and billy set up the
pig blood on the top of the prom stage
they plan to drop it onto carrie as a
prank
back at home margaret prays as carrie
sews herself a dress for prom
billy's friend named freddy
volunteers to collect the prom queen
slash king ballot chris's plan is to
change the poll results to make harry
the prom queen and get her on the stage
to drop the blood on her that day carrie
goes to a nearby makeup store and try
several lipsticks she is excited for the
night
she gets ready and looks as pretty as
ever margaret comments about the dress
being too revealing but carrie dismisses
it
seeing her daughter like this margaret
begins to lose her mind
she hits herself and pulls her own hair
carrie uses her power to paralyze her
mother on the bed and leaves for prom
with tommy carrie is nervous but tommy
assures her she will be fine
everyone looks at them when they walk in
miss collins approaches the two and
compliments carrie
she talks to her about her own prom and
hugs her before leaving
tommy then teaches carrie to slow dance
as the two dance carrie is over the moon
tommy is mesmerized by her beauty and
tries to kiss her but she pulls away
however the two talk and laugh while
dancing we see billy and chris under the
stage ready to drop the bucket on carrie
the time comes when everyone has to vote
for prom queen and king
carrie and tommy are on the list too two
of chris's friends collect all the
ballots and hide them
they replace it with other ballots to
make kerry win
when the prom queen is announced carrie
cannot believe it she is over the moon
and finally feels accepted by her peers
just then sue arrives there and looks at
carrie with admiration tommy and carrie
then go to the stage and carry his crown
the prom queen
just then chris pulls on a rope and the
bucket of blood falls to carry
everyone goes silent carrie is horrified
and hallucinates everyone making fun of
her and laughing at her
furious she uses her power to close all
the doors and windows of the place
first she lifts up the water pipe and
sprays everyone with high forced water
then the microphone electrocutes the
principal killing him the students run
around but cannot run away
she kills miss collins too
finally she sets the place on fire and
leaves on her way home she is bloodied
and has a maniacal look on her face
billy and chris who had snuck out from
the back door trying to hit her with
their car
however carrie in turn sends the car
flying killing both of them in an
explosion
now she is at her home where her mother
waits for her the house is covered in
candles
she bathes herself and cleans the blood
after which she hugs her mother and
cries
margaret starts describing the night
carrie was conceived claiming that she
and her husband had sinned she then
takes out a knife and stabs her daughter
in the name of killing the evil she is
about to pound at her again but carrie
uses her power to stab her instead
she sends several sharp objects towards
margaret crucifying her she watches her
mother die from a corner then gets up
and hugs her then she uses her power to
destroy the house
it catches fire while carrie is still
inside a few weeks later sue who was the
only survivor from the prom night has a
nightmare
in her dream she goes to the remains of
carrie's home a for sale sign vandalized
in black paint with the phrase carry
white burns in hell
lies on top of the remains as she drops
her flowers a hand emerges from under
the ground and grabs her she wakes up
screaming in fear as her mother comforts
her make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching
[Music]
you